first solution (#55)
mate-academy/jv-fruit-shop: README.md

# JUnit practice

Let's imagine that we have a fruit store. Every day in the store there are a number of activities, 
information about which is recorded in a file during the day.
The current input file is sent to the program in CSV format 

> (it is recommended to use standard libraries for parsing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(recommended to use standard libraries for parsing).
```

Your task is:
- validate the data in the file
- generate a report based on the input file.

There are a four activities at the store:
```text
    b - balance, the remnants of fruits at the beginning of the working day
    s - supply, means you are receiving a new fruits from suppliers
    p - purchase, means someone bought a fruit

>     r - return, means someone who have bought the fruits now returns you it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    r - return, means someone who have bought the fruits now returns them to you
```

    
    ```text
       s,banana,100     
    ```
   The line above means you receive a 100 bananas.
1. Purchase. Buyers can visit your shop and buy some fruits. In this case you will have the following line in the file:
    
    ```text
       b,banana,13  
    ```
   The line above means someone bought a 13 bananas.
1. Return. Buyers can return you some fruits. In this case you will have the following line in the file:
    
    ```text
       r,banana,10   
    ```
   The line above means someone return you a 10 bananas.

### Input file example
```text
    type,fruit,quantity
    b,banana,20
    b,apple,100
    s,banana,100
    p,banana,13
    r,apple,10 
    p,apple,20 
    p,banana,5 
    s,banana,50
```

### Expecting report file example
We are expecting to see how many fruits are available today after work shift in your Fruit store. 
```text
    fruit,quantity
    banana,152
    apple,90
```
The line above means you have 152 bananas, and 90 apples in your Fruit store after work shift. 

### Validation
If the file has mistakes, you should throw an exception. Example of incorrect input file:
```text
    type,fruit,quantity

>     bl,banana,20

Reviewer: підфікси тут приклад якщо додаєш баланс і рефакториш операцію buy

    b,banana,30 // Buyers will not be able to buy 30 bananas, because they are only 20 units in stock.
    s,banana,50 
```
or
```text
    type,fruit,quantity

>     bl,banana,20

Reviewer: the same

All input data will be passed in the file in CSV format.

## Fruit Store
Let's imagine that we have a fruit store and every day in the store there are a number of activities:

```text
    bl - balance, remnants of fruits for yesterday
    s - supply, means you are receiving a new fruits from suppliers
    b - buy, means someone bought a fruit

>     r - return, means someone who have bought the fruits now returns you it

Reviewer 2: not to use one and two letters in different cases, maybe we will just change naming a bit
b - balance
s - supply
p - purchase / o -order 
r - return

```

Let's check in details all types of activities:
1. Balance. Yesterday's fruit remnants. The following line in the file will look like:
    
    ```text
       bl,banana,100  
    ```

>    The line above means there are 100 bananas left in the warehouse after yesterday's shift. 

Reviewer: не розумію навіщо нам це треба. Якщо я хочу отримати баланс - чому я передаю на вхід число фруктів?

Reviewer: виникає одразу питання - а якщо в мене `bl` буде в середині списку? Що тоді робити? Я б видалив цю операцію взагалі

   Balance information is always at the beginning of the file.
1. Supply. You are accepting a new fruits from suppliers. The following line in the file will look like:
    
    ```text
       s,banana,100     
    ```
   The line above means you receive a 100 bananas.
1. Buy. Buyers can visit your shop and buy some fruits. In this case you will have the following line in the file:
    
    ```text
       b,banana,13  
    ```
   The line above means someone bought a 13 bananas.
1. Return. Buyers can return you some fruits. In this case you will have the following line in the file:
    
    ```text
       r,banana,10   
    ```
   The line above means someone return you a 10 bananas.

### Input file example
```text
    type,fruit,quantity
    bl,banana,20
    bl,apple,100
    s,banana,100
    b,banana,13
    r,apple,10 
    b,apple,20 
    b,banana,5 
    s,banana,50
```

### Expecting output file example

> Our task is to check yesterday's activities and generate a report for tomorrow.

Reviewer: в нас дат немає взагалі. Як я буду розуміти, коли було вчора і коли буде завтра.
